Hello.
My name's Derek Walker. I'm the pastor of the Oxford Bible Church.
Today I want to introduce you to my book called Sodom and Gomorrah.
You know, God loves us all. He wants everyone to be saved. And for that reason, he has
Delayed his judgment.
And he wants as many people as possible to repent.
and to receive his salvation that he offers them as a free gift. But let us not get the wrong idea. God will judge, he must judge all sin, and there is a
There is a coming, a day of judgment.
And he has made that very clear in his word, and he's also made it clear by doing certain exemplary judgments in history, and one of these judgments is the judgment.
Of Sodom and Gomorrah.
One of the great judgments of the Bible is the destruction of Solomon Gomorrah, along with the whole surrounding area of the Dead Sea.
This book
Is filled with photographs from the region.
And it demonstrates that the remains of these cities are still there to be seen, perfectly confirming the Bible account of this dramatic divine.
Divine intervention.
You see, God did this judgment to give a visual demonstration.
That we would learn by.
It's a demonstration to all mankind and the Dead Sea now is a dramatic region unique on the face of the earth.
And we are to learn some vital spiritual lessons from this great judgment.
It includes a revelation of the final judgment that God will do by fire.
And so I urge you to get hold of this book and understand what God is saying through the story.
On Sodom and Gomorrah.
We will take you through the story of Abraham and Lot, and how God rescued Lot.
We will also locate the the five cities that were destroyed in this way, and you'll be amazed to see the ashen buildings that are embedded with sulphur balls.
Which?
is another word for brimstone.
And faced with this proof.
This will stir you up.
even more to get right with God and to share the gospel.
There is also available a two-hour DVD
documentary of Solon Gomorrah that fits with this book.